PODJ

shutdown servers
1. before55upgrade

snapshot everything

power on servers.

SQL
AD
Utility
service vm

vcenter
hcs
htnm
vcac
WDS
WSUS

UCP Mgmnt


Verified that ucp was running before moving on. 

- upgrade single sign-on: 15 mins
no issues.

- upgrade web client: 3 mins
no issues

- upgrade inventory service: 10 mins
no issues

- Update vCenter Server image shows the inventory service still.. 20 mins
no issues. besides the picture.

- At the prompt for specifying the user account to run the serve as it blanks out the account name and i could not change it from Administrator to svc_vcntr

- VSphere client
no issues


Here we need to ad the svc_vcntr Account back into VCenter User center. 

Login with ucpadmin acocunt into vcenter. 
GOTO vcenter permissions tab.
Right click in the tab, click Add Permission..
On the Users and Groups click the add butotn
In this new window select PODJ domain
select svc_vcntr and click add
Click ok 
For assigned Roles change the role to Administrator.
Once fininshed we are good to move on with the rest of the upgrade.

- update manager:
    select 10G interface (how am i suppose to know what that one is if i dont know or dont rememeber.)
    Need to install this as a plugin remoting into vcenter of the pod, connecting with vspere client and installing the plugin.


- Dump Collector:
no issues

- Auto deploy:
    when doing the back of deploy rules:
        running the cmd to connect to vcneter, what account do i use?
       
       
Can not login as svc_vcntr account after upgrade stock
        
        
        
Upgrading the hosts:
    no part about Resource pool to select. (operations manager)
    The bios boot overide option does not say SATA. it said Hitachi Remote CD
    
    Need to remove the iso on the reboot. It booted into the CD again.
    missing part about when i do finish the host upgrade when and how to take it out of maintinece mode.
    missing what to do when hosts are done and i have not migrated any hosts around. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Updating Compute Hosts

adding new 55 images to the UCP image repo
use imaged from service vm B:\InstallMedia\Hitachi\HitachiESXiImages\5.5
paste into D:\Repository

replace the files
go into ucp and refresh inventory and check if the new images are now 5.5 images

deploy on all compute blades



Add \\10.21.84.240\UCPAppliance\InstallMedia\Hitachi\HitachiESXiImages\5.5\
to repos

Updating the filenames for the 5.5 image zips casues issues when trying to update the active images.
We get an error due to the metadata of the 5.5 images are the same as the 5.1 images. 

When trying to update all of the basic metadata to try and cercomvent this it is still an issue.


